Enhanced doc to cover ignoring rules and adding custom rules (#12974)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/upgrade-check.rst

However, at the time of writing, this is incompatible in Airflow 1.10.14. So, this change
can only be made while moving to Airflow 2.0.

Turning off checks
''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may want to
customize the Upgrade Checks to their environment by turning off certain
checks which are not applicable to them. And example of this is users with

> Airflow deployments not using the KubePodOperator may want to turn off upgrade
> checks related to the KubePodOperator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow deployments not using the ``KubernetesPodOperator`` may want to turn off upgrade
checks related to the ``KubernetesPodOperator``.
```

> This can be down by created an "upgrade config file" in yaml as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by creating an "upgrade config file" in YAML as shown below:
```
